>> Scott Moss: Now we need to make, the
call to get the data so const data = wait.
I'm gonna restart my builds, when you
move files around sometimes it doesn't
pick up some of the changes
that you did so, let's do that.
So I'm gonna say wait, get,
what did I call this one?
>> Scott Moss: GetContentForCustomerPosts.
So getContentForCustomerPosts.
Because this is a page on a dynamic route,
it's always gonna get a params object
here as a property or as a prop.
And then, let me make this async.
>> Scott Moss: We know we need to pass
in a slug here, and we have slug,
it's gonna be on the params.
Because what we put here as slug,
whatever you put here,
that's what's gonna be
on the params object.
So that's gonna be params.slug.
>> Scott Moss: If this was ID,
it'd be params.ID.
>> Scott Moss: Why is
this thing freaking out?
>> Scott Moss: Okay [LAUGH]
that's what was there.
Okay, so we got the data.
>> Scott Moss: Wait,
did I not add the types of the data?
Yeah, add the types, let me add the types.
There we go, this will be,
>> Scott Moss: Customer post query, okay.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
Let's say, got to have my types.
>> Scott Moss: There we go, okay, so
this will be, so we'll say content
= data.net.items.0, so that's our content.
So we'll just log this just
to make sure this works, and
we just need to navigate to
a slug that exists on a piece of
content in our CMS,
which we only have one.
So that should work just fine, and
then we'll replace some of this stuff, so
let's go try that.
I'm just gonna grab this right here.
>> Scott Moss: There we go, okay, so
it'll be customers/ and then that slug, so
let's see what happens.
>> Scott Moss: Looks like it
still loathes, that's good, and
then the content is here,
so it works just fine.
>> Scott Moss: Next thing we need to do
is we need to render this rich text JSON.
So, in order to do that,
we can use a component from Contentful.
So Contentful has a component for this, so
it'll be Contentful
rich-text-react-renderer, that's the one.
Well, it should already be installed,
but that's what it is right there.
Contentful rich-text-renderer.
And then really all you have to
do is you call it with the JSON,
you just pass it to JSON and
you're pretty much good to go.
So let's go ahead and do that.
And we have the JSON, it's on the JSON
field, if we look, it's body.JSON,
it's that, we're gonna pass that in,
so let's do that.
So we got content, I'm gonna go down
here to where the rich text is.
>> Scott Moss: It's all of this,
I'm just gonna collapse it all.
And if we do it right, it should look
exactly the same, nothing should change.
>> Scott Moss: Okay,
let's see if I can get all of this.
>> Scott Moss: There we go, and
what is the name of that component?
>> Scott Moss: There we go this one,
so I'll copy that import.
>> Scott Moss: Just make a placeholder so
I can come back to this here.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
>> Scott Moss: Maybe
this is not installed.
Just this MP installed just to be sure.
>> Scott Moss: All right,
contentful/rich-text-react-renderer.
Okay, so we got that.
Go down to where I left my placeholder,
here we are.
And I will say,
>> Scott Moss: DocumentsToReactComponents,
that would be content.body.json.
>> Scott Moss: So if I go back and
check the site, it should look the same,
and it does.
But now, this isn't hard-coded content.
This is the rich text coming from the CMS,
so let's go edit some of it and we'll see.
So if I go here and
I say let's put something here so
we can see it immediately, I guess.
Hello there and then publish this, and
then go back to our site,
do a hard refresh, there we go.
So I think this is pretty powerful.
You can create a really good
blogging solution like this,
now the editing experience is as good
as it's gonna get without having like
the app whose job is to
make an editing experience.
It's a little widget, that's gonna be be
there, but it's pretty good, it works.
There's a bunch of camps of what should
the output of a rich text editor be.
I think the end of the day
JSON is probably the best, but
when you do that you have to
also support a renderer in every
single environment in which
your customers might use it.
Because if you've created this JSON output
or you just leave it up to them to create
some recursive renderer that
loops through this thing and
maps it to whatever output they need, you
also have to do the work of doing that.
So, but I do think that's the way,
that way it's composable.
You can take your content wherever
you want, bring it wherever you want,
it just works, it's just JSON.
Okay, so we got that, let's move some of
this other stuff into dynamic land, so
right here, this is the title.
So we can say, content.title let's do
we have here, think that was that.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
that might have been at some other stuff.
I guess we're here Airbnb Inc,
we could this is the thing on
the right I think that's disrepair.
Let's change this, so we can say,
>> Scott Moss: Content.customer.name,
and then we don't have their address or
anything like that, but it's just a logo.
I think this is the logo.
>> Scott Moss: Or is that something else?
No, that's a logo, okay.
We gotta bring in an image component,
I don't feel like doing all that.
But you put an image component there,
have that work.
So let's save that, and if we go back,
there it is, there's Canon,
there's our stuff.
There is the new title.
So that's good to go.